So now that we learned about these different specifications and we will learn what they do and how we use
them in detail step by step, no worries,
now that we learned that though, it's also important to recognize that not all browsers support all these
specifications and especially older browsers like Internet Explorer 11, well support even less.
Now let's have a look at browser support
therefore. Now the easiest way of finding the browser support is by simply googling for web components
and then, you can visit webcomponents.org,
this page there and on this page if you scroll down, you will find this browser support table here
and there, you see all major browsers and how they're supporting the different web components specifications.
As a side note, here you also see ES modules specification,
that is something which I didn't mention on the slide,
it's not directly a part of the web components specifications set,
this in the end is related to how we can import Javascript files into Javascript files and we
will find a solution for that later in the course too.
The first three rows mention the parts you saw in my slides though, the custom elements, the HTML
templates and the shadow DOM
and as you can see right now, browser support is already very decent,
it's getting added to Edge 2, at the point of time you're viewing the course, this might already have
changed
and until then we can use a polyfill,
so a third party package that basically gets the browser to support this and therefore we can use what
you learn in this course in all major browsers. If you want to get a more detailed list of which
browser supports which feature, you can google for can I use and then for example custom elements and
you could also use shadow DOM or HTML templates there and you will then find the can I use page here.
There you take that custom elements we want to link
and on this page, you then see browser support for this feature
and this looks a bit worse than the prior page because there is more red on it
but this is the more helpful page because you will see that for example Edge hasn't implemented this yet,
again you can make it work with polyfills though
and indeed you can actually make web components work in all browsers and this is what we'll do by the
end of the course.
But you can see that for development, you should really use a modern version of Firefox or Chrome
and then later, you will learn how to make your web components work in more browsers.
So the key takeaway here is for development, I'll be using Chrome,
you should be using Chrome or Firefox in its latest version but towards the end of the course, we will
make sure that our web components run in all browsers that
we want to support.